The thing that's made rstudio, and now Posit, so amazing is the community.
We love and value our Open Source community, and we're so appreciative of everyone who
has helped make Posit what it is today.
And our community is you.
You live and work on every continent, and one of the most used datasets for teaching
is even from Antarctica.
You use R for school, or work, or fun, answering questions that are important to you.
You work on projects in education, science, marketing, public health, government, economics,
finance, libraries, astronomy, and so, so much more.
You create and share thousands of resources to help others.
You contribute to code and documentation on hundreds of Open Source projects.
You're involved in the community, sharing with each other in your organizations and
in user groups around the world.
And of course, you write millions of lines of code.
Thanks to you, R is one of today's top 10 programming languages.
I've been using R for almost 20 years now, and the transformation of the language and
the community just blows my mind.
I'm so awed and grateful for all that we have built together, and I, and everyone at
Posit, wishes you all the best for the coming year.